The Eiffel Tower The Eiffel Tower is a symbol of domination of man over steel. It also symbolizes the great maturity of architecture. Its message resonates not only in France but throughout the whole world. With opportunity of the Universal Exhibition which celebrates the 1789 century revolution, the resurgent republic wanted to make a great shot. It launched a contest in the Official Journal engineers putting the challenge to raise 'in the Champ-de-Mars an iron tower with a square base, 125 meters wide and 300 meters high.&quot; The project was won and built by Gustave Eiffel for the Universal Exhibition of 1889. Everyone has once dreamed visiting Paris and is really amazing tower. Situated in the 15th Paris district, it is now the most visited paid monument in the world, with 6,893,000 visitors in 2007. We invite you to discover some of the secrets of the &quot;Iron Lady&quot;. Its an international place where you can meet the whole world. Its absolutely wonderful to see how French people are open-minded, how they like welcoming tourists visiting their country, how they are proud to share with other people a part of their living style. You can visit and go to restaurant in the same place. You can also discover the French history and buy memories on French history over centuries. To me the tower not symbolize our past but the footprint of French greatness. The Court Green burglar arrested A 23 years old man was arrested at 6am in connection with the series of burglaries in and around Court Green that had been taking place over the past 15 months. The suspect's name has not been released yet. The police had made every effort to catch the burglar, such as increasing the police patrols in the area, setting up undercover surveillance, having a publicity campaign published in this local paper, and promising a $300 reward for information. John White, police lieutenant, confirmed that people felt concerned by these efforts and were willing to help the police. Thanks to a local resident who saw somebody acting suspiciously in the neighbourhood, the police patrolling nearby managed to give chase to the suspect and eventually cornered him in Hamilton Road at 6am. The man is currently being held in custody for police questioning and is bound to be charged for the crimes by the end of tomorrow. James Denver, a Court Green inhabitant, reported he felt greatly relieved to know that the burglar had been arrested.  Thank you for giving us the opportunity to give these self-serving celebrities a piece of our mind. How can they lecture us about generosity and altruism without blushing? Do they really think we dont see that they are using their so-called generosity to make themselves publicity that will eventually help them make even more money? Money they spend on blood diamonds arming young children for civil wars, or on countless private jet or helicopter rides raising their carbon footprint to the one of a small country.TV Chef Johnnie Oliviera is a perfect example of the double standards celebrities are practicing. On one hand, he gives people lessons on poor eating habits. On the other, he endorses brands that sell junk food to the same teenagers he was patronizing. Maybe Asian kids dont deserve the same healthy regimen as the American ones!Then to buy himself a clean conscience, he gives 10% of his crooked income to a cause that promotes good eating habits. And strangely enough, thats exactly what his book and TV show are about. Convenient, isnt it? The international AI conference called Robotics in the 21st century took place last week in San Francisco. Hiro Takashi, Bonnie and Major Pettigrew introduce new robots that would certainly change our life.Hiro Takashi is working with his team on robots with emotional intelligence. For the next 5 years, they will try to improve robots' facial movement in order to make them look more human. He said that its a hard work but he seems very optimistic. He underlines the fact that robots have improved a lot in few years.Bonnie introduces a service robot, called Florence, which could be useful in medicine or heath area. For instance, Florence is able to help with monitoring and surveillance systems. And in few years she will be program to visit quarantine patients who are suffering from contagious diseases.Major Pettigrew is a military retired. He is now working on the leisure industry. He talked about the famous robot pet dogs and said that there is now international competition with this type of robots. By 2050, they will have developed a team of real humans. I believe that the creative writing techniques introduced here could be useful for many types of writing. In my line of work, the 'questioning' technique comes in handy. I use it so often and so instinctively that I have to admit that I no longer think of it as a technique. You see, I write technology articles for a weekly banking magazine and use a common journalistic approach: answering the five'wh-' questions as you write the first paragraph of the story. That way, you anticipate the most salient questions your readers might have about the story. A technique I'd like to formally experiment with is loop writing. Sometimes, when I'm trying to formulate the first, critical paragraph for my story, it's difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff. I don't always know what the most relevant information is until I sort through all the details. Loop writing would allow me to think through all the details, summarize them, rethink them and summarize them again. I believe that final summary could give me a jump-start on a powerful lead paragraph. Robots help perform more than 300,000 surgeries per year in the US. They explore places humans can't, such as the deepest parts of oceans and space. But most often, robots perform routine, assembly-line jobs that increase productivity and lower costs, like packaging produce or attaching wheels to cars. Robots perorm an increasingly large proportion of menial tasks in the US, which I feel is a promising trend. The result is that companies can keep more jobs in the country and increase the number of jobs that require higher-level skills. Jobs that require these skills will still need to be performed by humans, at least in the foreseeable future. I think there is a major downside to this trend, however. As robots replace people doing manual work that can be completed by computers-jobs usually held by poor and middle-class people- the line that separates the poor and rich will become that much more evident. As this trend continues, we need to figure out how to add robots to create an optimal worforce instead of using them simply to replace humans. The three robots mentionned in the web-based magazine are or will be very useful in the future.The first one, the Escort Humanod Robot will have emotional intelligence and be able to have facial mouvement to express sadness or happiness. It could help a lot of lonely people. The second one is already improving the health and medecine area. Florence (the robot's name) has already spread some services like checking monitoring and emptying trash, but would be develop to become a great help to visit quarantine patient suffering from contagious illnesses and be able to monitor care.And for the last type of robots, the industrial one. It can be used to clear up natural or man made disaster as well as for leisure, and leisure is also part of life. The Place de la Comdie in Montpellier.The Place de la Comdie in Montpellier, South of France, is the heart of the city. It is a very open square made of white marble, surrounded by cafes and restaurants. It is really a crossing point, whether you want to go to the railway or bus station, or to the mall called the Polygone. Very close by are the main shopping streets. whenever you want to meet a friend, for sure it will be on the Place de la Comdie.What is peculiar to the Place de la Comdie, is that it also has a second name, which is Place de l'Oeuf. Oeuf is egg in English. Why is it called the Egg Square ? This is because a pink marble line is inserted into the white marble, and this pink line is in the shape of a huge egg.When you walk on it, you cannot know that it is egg shaped. But if you are lucky enough to go to the old opera house dominating the square, you will see the egg shape from the foyer windows. Route ##, Main Street of America... The mere mention of its name sparks off images of wide open spaces and utter freedom. Not only does it ring a bell in the minds of the American people, but also all around the world. Everybody knows or at least has already heard about it. With a length of 2448 miles, Route 66 was born in 1926, crossing 8 States, from Chicago to Los Angeles. It was the stage for one of the most famous migration within the US. In the 1930's, Okies took Route 66, the &quot;mother road&quot;, as Steinbeck nicknamed it, to escape from the Dust Bowl and headed West, toward California, their Promised Land. During WW2, Route 66 was taken by soldiers to reach their garnison in the Pacific. Later, in the 1950's and 1960's, it became the road of discovery for millions of Americans who were able to visit their country. Today, long after its decommission in the 1980's, the myth of Route 66 is still alive, embodying endless possibilities, freedom, and also, the nostalgia of days long gone. Human can think and have a soul. Robots just do commands and obey what Humans say. Even if they are smart when they die they are not alive anymore. Also Humans can eat. Robots just get oiled up, and charged like a battery. Also if they try to hurt us they could slice through us like diamonds but all humans can do is abuse while robots can harm innocent people. (Law#1 A robot is not allowed to hurt another human being Law#2 A robot can obey a direct order if not conflicting with the first law Law#3 A robot can defend itself if not conflicting the first or second law). We ask questions, and we think while a robot could not be here on Yahoo answers unless a human told it too. Now that should explain the differences between a robot and a human. A robot can't love, cry, get angry, and throw temper tantrums whi I would like to speak about my Presidentand that is only to be self-serving, it is just scandalous. I am not a racist person but there are now here too much Muslim people who want to convert us to Islam, it is just an insane idea! Furthermore, he wants to increase the VAT and put another tax on the transportation of trucks. There were different strikes hereabout this. By increasing the VAT that means killing our national market and as the situation is difficult for many people I don't know how poor people can survive of that in the next future.%% Lyon, a beautiful city of France located in the south of France, counts with many monuments that represent the citizens Lyonnais and France itself. For me, the most beautiful is the Basilica of Fourvire. This astonishing religious building stands at the top of a hill and it is extraodinarily viewed from many points of the city. This basilica was built to thank virgin Mary for saving the people for starvation and invasions. It stands there since the 18th century and the history tells that the city was threaten by foreign invasors. A long lasting storm was ending with the food''s remainings and people did not find another solution but to pray. They putted all their faith into Marie de Fourvire and promised her that if they lived, they shall built a basilica on the top of the hill to remember them all that she was there, wathching out for invasors and looking after them. Everyear, on december 8th, the people in Lyon celebtrate La Fte des Lumires (the party of lights) in order to commemorate Marie de Fourvire. This day, they light candles all over the city to iluminate the Virgin Marie. This party has become a tradition that goes beyond lyonnais. It is a tradition of France and is it very popular in the world. Last year, around 3 million people visited Lyon to be a part of this celebration. One of the reasons I believe this monument is the most beautiful in the city is its exposure. It is really amazing to see this glorious buiding standing there in the hight. It is a great welcome to the city and in the night, its beautiful colors enlighten the hill providing with a peacefull atmosphere. As if you actually knew that someone is protecting you and that everything will be just fine. Another reason I like the basilica of fourvire is probably because it reminds me home. In my country, Venezuela, we are also devoted to the Virgin Mary. In the region I grew up we call her La Divina Pastora (The divine shepherd). And everyear, on January 14th, we commemorate her with a celebration that gathers millions of people. I think that is always nice to find your faith regardless the place you are. Have your ever heard about the legend of Aicha kandisha ? I think the answer is no ! so, I will tell you a story of this urban legend. The story dates back to the time of the French colonization of Morocco, it was a great young woman, a beautiful peasant woman from the Middle Atlas who resist to the colonizer with no weapons, only her beauty. She always use the same strategy, she seduces a single soldier, then run to hide in her house and waits for the soldier willing to sleep with an exotic girl. And when he enters, the collaborator peasants kills a soldier. One day, some naive childs warned another soldier that would fall into the trap, then Aisha kandisha were assasinated by the french army. Now, when children do not want to stop making noise or bickering, the mother threat them to call Aisha kandisha. I remember my mom doing the same thing with me when I was a chlid, and for sure I will do the same with my son or my daughter , it's probably a legend but what an effective way to calm them down ! The Eiffel Tower is the symbol of France and one of the best known monuments in the world. At first the Eiffel Tower was built as a symbol of Frances technological development. It was the emblem of the Industrial Revolution. The Eiffel Tower is named after the engineer Gustave Eiffel, who was an expert in the creation of metallic structures. He created the 324 meters Tower for the 1889 Exposition Universelle, a world's fair commemorating the 100th anniversary of the French Revolution. Before the building of Chrysler in Manhattan it was the tallest building in the world.At first the Eiffel Tower was meant to be exposed for a few years. However, the Eiffel Tower has become the most famous symbol of France and is nowadays the romantic symbol of Paris. These days the famous Eiffel Tower has become one of the countrys most important monuments and is visited by 7 million visitors every year. Iam in Balis Island. So peaceful, so sunny, with amazing atmosphere. It makes feel very happy and relax. It also makes me want to quit my job and definitely stay here. There are so many activities to do that you are not able to make a choice. I have always dreamed to try scuba diving and monitors here are so fantastic. They are really open-minded and push themselves to the limit to teach step by step the basical techniques to beginners students like me. It gives me a sense of peace and wellbeing to be here. I have no stress, no project pain points to deal with, no objectives to attain, just enjoy peace and calm. You can smell near the beach the delectable odor of grilled fish. You can adapt you diet and test the local one based on freesh fish, vegetables, white meat etc. It looks like a Mediterranean diet. You cant imagine how shooting this place is. I utterly vote this area as the most beautiful city in the world. I am very impressed by the purpose of your website .It's very important because some stars use human causes to promote their careers .It's something very disgusting .I think that for this session of three stars, Johnnie Olivera is the star who I wanted to throw a brick . He wants to be a champion of every cause . It suppose that he always wants to be under the spotlight . I am convinced that he is not sincere in his action because he is doing something in contradiction with the defense of healthy food .He endorsed a brand of sodium-laden ships sold across Asia .This kind of product is not healthy and he is only interested by making a huge money . Thanks to the technological progress, robots are invented to perform several tasks just like human being. In which extent did this affected society ? Robots are programmed to execute tasks in a mechanical way that eases the execution of hard jobs. They are most of the time used for menial jobs in factories. The introduction of robots in industrial fields allowed to gain in time, precision and performance as far as robots do repetitive work without major errors. Otherwise, robots in industry had led to do without human collaboration. The result is that there is less and less job opportunities in industry nowadays than a century before. So, in some extent, it helped to produce more but it is a benefit for just a too little people. Automatizing human tasks is an important progress of science, but is it all for the profit of humans ? The answer to this question remains controversial. I don't want to be this gossip boy who does not stop to track all actions and acts ??made by celebrities but I'll say what I think once and for all. take for example Kim Kardashian, you know, a pseudo business woman of hollywood, make me laugh a little ! We just can not be serious, this bling bling prostitute has only his body and her pervers followers to become so rich and famous. In fact, we can admit that she is intelligent because was able to use her charm and her sudden fame to create a clothing brand and other cosmetic, but other than that, she has no talent. We see her every day in her reality show &quot;Keeping Up with the Kardashians&quot; where we can see her passing her day bickering with her sisters, her mother, shopping ... You think that's the model we want for our childrens who will probably emulate this kind of scatterbrained girls ? you think that's what to give as a lesson of life for future generations? it's really astonishing! These three robots are a great example of rapidity in which the technology is developing. The purposes of each one of them are different but they all provide with huge advances in the robotica field. The first one will try to closely imitate human behavior and it will mimic the facial expressions of homo-sapiens. It will be given artificial integillence so that it can react as a human. The second type of robot is meant for service. It is a small helper for hospitals and it is thought that in 10 years it will be in capacity of visiting and helping people in quarenteen. The last type of robot is created for the sports field. It is inspired on industrial robots. The creator is a fervent believer that earth will be dominated by robots in the future and therefore is trying to make a example of how they will be. Good evening, Robots are used in the industries to do some hard human tasks. For example, in the car industry, workers are replaced by robots. AI is used more and more in the medicine, to help patients to follow their treatment. Mobiles phones and new applications give people instantly some practical information, like to find the best restaurant in my town, to know the best journey to go to the airport, Mobiles phone has too a function of road travel. The laptop permits me to send emails, to watch videos, to share photos, to listen new music. I think certain innovations are really positive for the human. But if the scientists create innovations to make war or to invent some new weapons, its maybe dissuasive but it gives the possibility to destroy the world. And I think, its very dangerous because men can become mad. So Im sometimes skeptical about certain robotic inventions. But we couldnt stop the progress for the better, I hope. Best regards, Julie Title : The Imperial Cities All the countries on the world have their symbols .It is important because these symbols in the most cases represent the real identity of the country . For my country ,I think that the Imperial Cities are the best symbol that we can talk about without stopping . The main reason for that is the representation of these cities about the ancient history of our country featured by a succession of monarchical dynasties which had had an impact in each period of our civilisation . This kind of impact was very diversified and substantial . The architecture of these cities is one of these influences . All those were protected by a very strong walls against external agressions and within the cities the habitations were very traditional and typical of every area .Many of them were so original that they were classified in the World Heritage of the UNESCO . In France , robots are commonly used in industrial fields. They replace humans for heavy duties, dangerous or repetitive tasks. Also, we find more and more robots in houses, like vacums that move by themselves, same idea for lawn mawers. but in my opinion, these kind of robots are making people lazy. I admit that we can save time by using them, but on the other hand, do we really use this spare time doing good stuff? I am not sure. How can robots help mankind ? The AI conference &quot;Robotics in the 21st century&quot; has thrown some light on this question by pointing out the researches done by different countries in the field of robotics so far. Asian scientist Takashi is working on an anthropomorphic robot that will be able to display some emotional intelligence. Within the next 5 years, Takashi will develop its humanoid features, showing even more human emotions. Bonnie and her team have developped a service robot, nicknamed Florence that proves useful for hospitals in such tasks as picking up the trash or helping with security and surveillance. The next stage of Florence's development will consist in programming her to visit quarantine patients who cannot get any visit because of a contagious disease. Within the next 10 years, Bonnie hopes Florence will have a personality of her own. Major Pettigrew is working on a more entertaining type of robot, namely the robot petdog. International competitions are held in the US. By 2050, he contends petdogs will enjoy an artificial intelligence that will allow them to play against humans. I don't want to be this gossip boy who only keeps track of all the actions of celebrities, but I think we should be realist sometimes. Let's take for example Kim Kardashian, a pseudo business woman of Hollywood. Let's call her like she really is : a bling bling prostitute who has only her body and her scatterbrained followers to become so rich and famous. In fact, we can admit that she is a little bit intelligent because she was able to use her charm and her sudden fame to create a clothing brand and other cosmetic brands, but apart from that, she has no real artistic talent. We can see her every day in her reality show &quot;Keeping Up with the Kardashians&quot; where she spends her time bickering with her sisters, her mother, shopping ... I don't really think that's the model we want for our children. It is sad to say but the era of mass media has not only advantages. Now it is up to us as parents to protect our children and sort of what they should look and what they should not, without which we will see rising a new generation of materialistic and uncultivated nation.%% Dear Banker,My name is Rosa R Bennett. Im born in 1979 and live in Mornington, Victoria.I just found the house of my dream and would like to buy it. The purchase price of the house amounts to $200,000. The seller requests a non-refundable deposit of $40,000 which I can fortunately afford. I am thus writing to you to apply for a home loan in the amount of $160,000.I am willing to repay this loan in about 15 years but need an interest rate that does not exceed 5.7%.For you to check my ability to honor my debt, I can provide bank statements of my saver account with the Wirecommon Bank of Australia.Could you please send me the relevant forms to fill and the list of documents I need to provide to complete my application?In order to settle the deal, I have to provide the seller with a written proof of the loan commitment within the 15th November. Do you think that deadline can be met?Looking forward to hearing from you soon,Best regards Well, now me and my wife can say that we are ready to have a house, our house! We have both of us a steady job and enough money in bank to get a home loan, also we are thinking about having children, so getting our own house is a comfort we want to assure for our children right from the start. For this, we start by doing research on websites selling house and villa in our city, so we have make a list of homes that line with our expectations, both in price, proximity and beauty. After ten home visits, we fall in love with a villa in an exclusive area of ??the city and with a fairly decent price. The final step was the home loan, and for this we spoke with the salesman and our banker for a loan at a fixed rate and staggered over 20 years. For the moment our application is waiting for approval by the bank. We hope that the result will be positive. Each person has his own way of writing. For me, as a scientific, I prefer by far questionning and metaphor as a best writing techniques. First, when I want to keep the attention of readers I use some metaphors. It's always helpful when I write long texts that may seem boring because of many mathematical formulas and details of problem solving. For example, I can say when talking about the universe : &quot;The universe is continually expanding, but runs to its end as an Olympic champion&quot;. Also, I use a questionning technique as a way to help readers to ask them selves some questions about this subject, and make them responsive regard to what they read and to be other than a simple passive readers. So, when I write a subject, I start by asking my self all the questions that any reader can ask himself about what he read, and then I add another type of questions : the open questions. Three types of service robots that are meant to replace human in the future ! The first robot that was presented by at the robotics conference was the escort robot. It displays some emotional intelligence. It winks and makes some facial movements that express human emotions such as sadness and happyness. Within 5 years, it will have facial movements which look like human facial expressions. Bonnie talked about a second service robot that is dedicated to the medecine and health fields.This robot, named Florence, nowadays pick up trash and provides its help to ward security in hospitals. In 10 years, Florence will be taller and her mission will be to take care of quarantine patients. Major Pettigrew presented a third type of service robot that is in sport field. He talked about robot pet dogs that take part in competitions.And by 2025, the service robot will be able to replace human in a competition. Well, again I will discuss trough this writing exercice how robots are being used in Morroco as an emergent country. Through the Pharaonic sites that initializes the king in all the Kingdom of Morocco, we can see many factories popping up everywhere like mushrooms, and it's not handicrafts ones, no! it's a modern factories where we subsidize the use of robots as a smart way to produce different products quickly and effectively with a very small marge of default quality. Of course, in one hand, this can be a great idea to compete with the leading countries, but in other hand we have a serious problem with the unemployment rate wich does not stop growing. It's a difficul equation to solve, isn't it ? Also, recently we start to use technology in medical surgery by using nano robots who can penetrate the human body to attack the cancer cells and eradicate it. This is still at an early stage with few errors to settle, but the idea and the projects are good. In my opinion, the revolution is on and you can not stop it. We must not be afraid of it, but rather use technology wisely, that's all.%% we are come in peace, people of earth :) My name is Omar, I am a great reporter at web-based magazine. Ill give you a comparison between 3 robots discovered at the 21st Robotics Century Forum. The first is Hiro Takashi: Hiro Takashi is an escort robot developed by a Service Robotics Company based in Asia. It can walk more than five minutes between two near places. The future developments are focusing on emotional intelligence, specifically on facial expressions like sadness and happiness. The second is Bonnie Bonnie is a service robot developed utterly for medicine. It can actually give several services for hospital sector like visiting patients, serving as an assistant to doctors, recommending treatment. The future developments will allow Bonnie to visit points outside the hospital. The final is Pettigrew Pettigrew is an industry robot. It can change the way we make car. It comes with several innovations based on AI (artificial Intelligence) like taking a great part in the motor inception, painting entirely a car with no help and making more than 70% of a new car model. Pettigrew is the future Three robots were presented during the robotic conference. The first one was a big mobile robot that used to be the seize of several people and which was controlled by a compagnie to old people or children in hospital. The first robot had been developed for emotional intelligence. This robot will be able to do some different tasks for human. The second robot had been developed to resolve some medical problem of human while the third robot had been developed for artificial intelligence. My hubsband and I are lucky enough to own our own home. We have good jobs and a solid credit history. When my father died, he left me some money and we used that as a down payment on a home loan. I feel very fortunate. Before looking for a home, we had to sit down with a mortgage broker. We needed to be 'pre-approved' for a loan so we could actually make an offer on a home if we found one. The process was very complicated, requiring an incredible amount of paperwork. When we were finally ready to start looking, we contacted a real estate broker. He showed us more than 15 homes. Once or twice we found a home that we liked, but before we had a chance to consider making an offer, the home was gone, purchased by someone else. We finally found a lovely home in our price range and our offer was accepted. Looking back, it was far from easy, but owning our own home makes all the trouble well worth it. A NEW ROBBER ARRESTED BY THE POLICE A man who is 23 year old was arrested at 6am by the police in Hamilton Road. This robber have been burgled 20 houses on flat in the Court Green area. Peter Hughes a man who had seen a suspiciously person call to the police for give information about him. The arrest is a result to a vigilance community and the police. In fact the police increase the police patrols in this area and promise 300 dollars for the person give a serious information. This compaign had for result to the residents were more vigilant and suspicious to the people who don't know. Dawn Peterson say : &quot; After 15 month or the robber affected the tranquility to this neighborhood, we are happy to the police catch him&quot;. And the Police officer continuous the dialogue by : &quot; We have been questioning the suspect today and he confirm is author to the fact. We would like tell thank you at the cooperative people who help at arrest this rubber&quot; Requirements for the bank loan- Identity proofs: Driver's licence Last name: BennettSurname: RosaDate of birth: 30/03/1979Address: # Teal Court, Mornington, Victoria ###1Driver's licence Number: #########- Account information: Credit card - Bank statementType of credit card: VisaBank: Wirecommon BankCard number: #################Expiration date: 10/12Bank name: Wirecommon Bank of AustraliaABN: ###########Reward saver account number: ##############Bank branch: Thomastown South VicBank number: 764253- Property purchase contract Purchase price: $200,000 with a non-refundable deposit of $40,000Amount of the loan needed: $160,000Type of interest rate: The interest rate must not exceed 5.7% over 20 years. Written proof of a loan commitment on 15th November at the latest. (I'm sorry, I didn't catch the meaning of this exercice. I can't see how to write 150 words while we are asked to merely copy the information written on the document...) The Eiffel tower The eiffel tower is the symbol of both France and Paris. Built in 1889 by Gustav Eiffel, it was supposed to be provisory. However, the eiffel tower also named the eiffel lady had been acclaimed for 120 years. 75 percent of the visitor think they have to visit the eiffel tower. With its 324 metter height, the eiffel tower offers an increadible view of Paris. The eiffel tower never ages and new modifications are often brought. For instant, at the beggining of every hours the eiffel tower shines for 5 minutes. It has been renovated and lost 1340 tones. More than just a monument the eiffel tower became the soul of Paris. It overhangs Paris and everyone can see all of paris that is to say the Louvre and its parymid, Versaille castle, The arc of the triomphe... I would take an example of a famous actress without saying her name. She is very famous, georgious I should say, talented and loved by many people all over the world. She supports the cause of people suffering in Africa.At the beginning I thought she was doing something great, deep and good. But then seing her acting, and reading the press, I started to understand that she was nothing but a media-hogging oportunist!! And I felt so bad understanding that! I was saying to myself: how can someone known like her can do such a thing? How can she play a game with humanity? Giving some money is great and needed but being honnest and clear with what we do is according to me the most important. So is she playing a game with people? With her own public? I used to love her for what she was and I can't stand such a behaviour anymore, I am sick of seing such people, giving a wrong image of themselves to people who trust her. I am so mad at her and tired because I am sure she's not the only one doing such things! So please do not pretend to be something you are not!%% Hello, The celebrity I'd like to throw a brick at is Johnnie Oliviera, that so-called chef who is fooling everyone by condemning junk food while at the same time endorsing junk food in Asia. You've all heard of Johnnie Oliviera, the renowned TV chef, who wrote the highly praised best-seller 'Fast Food Fine Dining'. He is also known for creating the reality program 'So you think you can cook ?' that is due to air in the fall of next year. Do you think you know this famous so-called chef ? This man is an outspoken defender of the 'Leave the junk out of your trunk' TV ad campaign aimed at teenagers and their poor eating habits. He enjoys every opportunity to champion this cause. Well, let me open up your eyes and shed light on this character... It appears that this fake chef wears corsets to keep in his ever-growing stomach. What is more, he endorses a brand of sodium-laden chips sold across Asia. What a nice example, isn't it ? Do what I say, not what I do... I think that the best way to express your ideas is free writing. I think that when you are not concentrate to the grammar, punctuation you can scratch out all your ideas who are coming up in your mind. Even if, of course the punctuation is already important sometime it is better not to lose the tread of what you want to express. After, you can have a loop on your text and correct your mistake. The worst thing is to be in front of the blank piece of paper and not finding a way to start a story. I definitely believe that when you express your idea like a stream, you express your deep opinion with all the emotion which needs to be express. You are more sincere, than thinking in each word you have to write. When you find the path it is easy to go on the topic, even when the subject is appeared to you very boring! I believe that we have to write when we feel to do it and after some minutes read it again and again. I have noticed that even if we make some mistake and read it again what we have written sometime we correct that by lecture automatically.%% My French revolution After many absolutism system in Europe. In Conclusion, the French revolution is a first exemple to the modern democracy or the population free The Palace of Versailles is a meaningful symbol of France and its many paradoxes. The Palace was built between 1664 and 1710 on order of king Louis XIV who wanted a palace that would symbolize his power and influence in Europe. It was the residence of the royal family until the French revolution in 1789 when it was designated as a museum. It later hosted Napoleons emperess and King Louis Philippes family before becoming a museum again. However, the palace, still serves political functions today. The Palace has sheltered the best and the worst of the French society, protection and promotion of arts, interest for foreign cultures, development of business and industries, definition of manners and etiquette, cult for food, fashion and aestetics, research on the art of love and seduction, but also intolerance towards religions, development of a centralized and absolutist state, promotion of privileges of blood rather than meritocracy, exploitation of the poors by the riches, cult of the French superiority. Wellthe perfect symbol of the dichotomy of the French culture. I am gently cycling on a dirt path. Centuries-old trees border the track. Above me, their branches meet in a tight embrace and protect my journey. The cool evening breeze refreshes my face and bare arms. Crickets accompany me with their chirping sound. Fireflies flutter around me and show me the way. I can smell the sweet scent of pine trees mixed with earth moistened by the evening dew. The path slowly opens up before me. The woods give way to the beach and sea. I get off the bike and walk towards the water. My feet sink in the warm sand. I can hear the waves slowly lapping on the shore. The air is filled with the smell of salt. I find a place to lie down and gaze up into the dark sky. Millions of stars twinkle down at me. A shooting star vanishes into the darkness as I drift slowly towards sleep. Leprechauns are characters of Irish Mythology. The word Leprechaun comes from the Irish L Chorpain meaning small body. Indeed, this fairy usually takes the form of a small and old man in old style green clothes with a beard and hat. They are believed to hold magical powers that allow them to disappear and to travel great distances in the blink of an eye.That ability to travel and disappear fast makes them difficult to sight, let alone catch. However, if you are so good as to actually seize one, he will have to grant you three wishes in exchange for their release. Some say they might even lead you to their gold.Indeed, the leprechauns earn an outstanding living making shoes and, as they obsessively love money, store all the coins they gather in a crock that they hide at the end of the rainbow. They are said to be extremely rich.Their second passion after gold is mischief. They are slick talker and loves a bit of fun. Do not forget: never trust a Leprechaun! Three robot designs are well appreciated for their useful and practical purposes. Hiro Takashi, a Japanese scientist, has worked on anthropomorphic robots that play an important role as mobile escort robots. It helps to carry out dangerous work in an effective time manner. Hiro predicts to finish this project in 5 years with improvement of facial expression like sadness and happiness. Emotional intelligence seems to be the same goal for these 3 teams in making a perfect robot. Hiro's procedure requires a shortest time to accomplish compared to Bonnie's ( 10 years) and Major Pettegrew's ( by 2050). While Bonnie wants to make her robots serviceable in Medicine and Health, like doing hospital cleaning at the first time and then taking care and sharing patient's suffering, Major Pettigrew develops industrial ones to replace stressful work in agriculture or in security like robot dogs. As he believed, these will become a next generation of heros and a team of emotional human-like robots. Leprechauns have a long history as a part of Irish folklore, and are considered to be very lucky, if reclusive, creatures. They are often pictured as very short, close to a child's height, with red hair and a red beard. They are usually shown wearing a green suit with pointed shoes. Legend has it that leprechauns hide all of their gold in pots at the end of rainbows, and those who can find it will be rich. It's also believed that if a human catches a leprechaun, the leprechaun has the power to grant three wishes to the human in exchange for letting him free. While there have been no reported sightings of leprechauns in modern times, thes creatures are a common theme in children's stories and are often mentioned at the sight of a rainbow. Hello Im writing to the website in order to be able to throw a brick to Johnnie Oliveira. Celebrities should stick to doing what they know bestbeing famous and not investigate honorific causes. Johnnie Oliveira is one of the star media-hogging who are always on talk show, donor dinner etc. I think that the stars dont need to jump on the voguish bandwagon of honor cause.Many of them take this opportunity to continue earning big bucks. Its really important to try fighting hunger disaster around the world. And I have a great admiration for stars that are using without no return their celebrity to help non-governmental organizations involved in those fights. Having 10% of your fortune as donations is definitely important but it must be disinterested. Some stars use this way to escape or to optimize their taxes. I sometimes try to understand those stars that refuse to pay a lot of money for the others but my question is: this behavior is it social or fraternal with people who share the same country? And what about ethics on sharing, humanity, helping poor people etc. As a star your celebrity can deserve you surely. You need to have nerves of steel at all moments. I understand they push themselves to their limit all time but earning less money this year compared to the past one is not a train smash. I have had enough of this boastful behavior of certain stars. They are faced with making a complex decision how to earn more money and how to appear honorable over the people. I would like now to moderate my words. They are few stars with innate benevolence, who adopt orphans fro; poor country and give them an unexpected life. The couple of Brad & Angelina is a great example. I have a big respect for them as a parent of two kids and I continue asking myself how they are doing with their 7 children. I live in Toulouse which is a great city from the south west part of France. In this city, we love rugby, the sport of all the excess. Excess of weight for the players, excess brutality sometimes, but at the end of the day, the competitors always find a way to celebrate the beauty of the match.In Toulouse we also love the food and wine. This is probably why the rugby players are in so good shape ! The city itself is very particular. This is the place where the river which is called Garonne changes from stream to calm river. This is why, we use to say that Toulouse is not a quiet city. It's pink, it's not quiet, it's excessive. It looks like spain, not France.Please come and visit us. In the past I used to be very stressed all the times because I was always overwhelmed. My boss gave me more than I could do, and he always pushed me out of my limits. It was just a nightmare situation, consequently I had a burnout. The effects of this disease were a big chronic headache, a constant pain in my throat and my back. Furthermore, I was shivering and I was feeling totally frazzled with no energy. I was trying to overcome that with practicing some exercises but I didn't succeed so much. In addition, I felt depressed. It is a dreadful situation when you have the feeling that nothing could be done differently and that it will never end. I know that nowadays companies tend to go on in that way, I guess it will be always like that. In my future job, now I don't want to be stressed anymore. In the case of it might happened, I promise that I do not want to be as I was anymore. I realized that my health and my family are the most important things in my life. All of them need me more than an employer. There are various creative writing techniques, all designed to help unlock creative juices and overcome writers block: - The stream of consciousness free writing technique: Write about anything without stopping for 5 minutes. Do not edit at all. - The loop writing technique is an extension of free writing. Free write for 5 minutes. Summarize what youve just written in one sentence. Then, free write for 5 minutes on that summary sentence. Repeat this process 3 times and the essence of what you want to write about should emerge. - Listing technique: write a list of ideas in linear form. - Mind mapping: Organize your various ideas around a central keyword in a diagram with arrows or lines. - Questioning technique (who? what? where? when? how?): imagine and answer the questions your reader might want to know about your topic. - Cubing technique: Look at the topic from 6 sides like a cube. 1. Describe 2. Compare 3. Analyze 4. Associate 5. Apply 6. Argue There are a lot of waves tales about UFOS. The US department takes this seriously this story. It seems theres a restricted zone named zone 61 in the Nevada desert and the US department had captured a lot UFOS who are imprisoned. Dont ask me the question if this story is true or is just another unrealistic legend. Also a lot of people simple citizens continue to affirm that they have seen with their own eyes several UFOs flying in the sky and touch down near their house. There are also some people who talked directly without any translation to these UFOs. I think definitely ridiculous such belief but sometimes it can be useful to talk about these legends in order to let people using their mind and try to think if there are other kinds of living creatures around us. The real question is to whom benefits such legend? I have never found the right answer and perhaps it depends on what country were living.